 question -- Explain briefly the steps involved in initiating a project in Truffle
and demonstrate the same.

answer -- step 1 we need to create a folder 
          step 2 then we have to open the folder with gitbash
     then to check the requirement we need to insert commands 

command 1- npm -v
command 2- node -v
command 3- truffle version this will ckeck the current truffle version in your personal computer 
command 4- to create a bare project insert a command 
                     truffle init
 

when the operation is completed the project structure with contract ,migration, test and truffle-config.js
to open with visual code editior we have to insert command     code .
then this command will open visual code with files contract ,migration, test and truffle-config.js

then write a smart contract 

step 3 after writing smart contract save the all changes and go to gitBash again 
to compile the smart contract with truffle we have to insert the command 
command- truffle compile 
 then we will migrate the smart contract using the command truffle migrate.





question -2 . How to Write and Compile a Solidity Smart Contract file using
Truffle?

answer -- firstly we need to create a folder then we will open it with gitBash 
          then we will check the requirements 

   command 1- npm -v
   command 2- node -v
   command 3- truffle version
   
then we will create a new directory using command
command  mkdir identity 
then for entering in the directory 
 command cd identity

to check the present working directory 
command  pwd 

then write a command to open present working directory with code editior use command 
code .
this will open visual code studio editior then we need to select the contract files and create a file with .sol extension then write a smart contract 
for example ----

//SPDX-License-Identifier : MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.7;

contract identity {
     string name;
constructor () public {
 name = "DEEKSHA UIKEY";
}

function getname() view public returns (string memory) {
   return = name ;
}

then select the migration folder and create a file in it and name it 
1_migration_contract.js
for example ----

const identity = artifacts.require("identity");
module.export = function (deployer) {
deployer.deply(identity) }

then save the all chnages and go to gitBash again
 in  gitBash for compiling the smart contract we will use the command 

command   truffle compile 

now our smart comtract is successfully compiled. 



 question 3 -  Demonstrate the process of deploying smart contract on
Ganache using Truffle suite.


answer -- firstly we need to check the requirements 
         command 1- npm -v
         command 2- node -v
         command 3- truffle version 
if you have these requrements in your pc 

now we have to install Ganache in terminal for that use command 

command 1- npm install -g ganache-cli
then after downloading Ganache in your pc

now run a command ganache-cli 
then it will show 10 random addressess with their private keys and then we have to select any of one private key to import in metamask using given port number and given network ID.


for compiling our smart contact use the command- 
truffle compile 
and then migrate the smart contract use the command -
truffle migrate 

now our smart contact is successfully deployed.










          